There's one thing I forgot to add.
Saudi making a new reading for it, which is this.
The second part, it does not pass through it, which is nothing but effort into smacks of ethics.
I just forgot to add it into the code, so let me quickly add it into the code.
Okay.
Well, sometimes it happens that I miss the kids while eating.
But I did already discuss it with you.
Right in the name of duty.
So I've got it is nothing but maximum for all ethics because now we may not pass through the current
rate.
It's invigorating everyone over there.
And here also if I'm making it, Max and Max, to let me take Max of f current bomber.
Yes.
So.
Yeah.
So now what will happen is after and will be updated here also.
And it will be updated in the end.
So let me build this.
So this was a big test case.
And that's why that's why, you know, here the time is actually passing through and that's why we're
getting the correct answer.
So this is now this should be job working.
Really?
Solutions.
Yeah.
Pardon me for this line 19 and.
But we already discussed this.
They did admit they may not pass through the cutting and.